Intl segmenter updates (#8402)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/segments/index.md

---
title: Intl.Segments
slug: Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Segments
tags:
  - Internationalization
  - Intl
  - JavaScript
  - Localization
  - Reference
browser-compat: javascript.builtins.Intl.Segments
---
{{JSRef}}

> A **`Segments`** instance is an Iterable collection of the segments of a text string, which are constructed according to the locale and options of its constructing [`Intl.Segmenter`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Segmenter) instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **`Intl.Segments`** instance is an iterable collection of the segments of a text string. It is returned by a call to the [`segment()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Segmenter/segment) method of an [`Intl.Segmenter`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Segmenter) object.
```

...or something. It's worth being explicit about how these things get made.
